---
layout: splash
# classes: wide
title: "Welcome to OddDotNet"
permalink: /introduction/
---
OddDotNet is an OpenTelemetry test harness designed for any language, built in .NET.

## Observability Driven Development
OddDotNet, as its name implies, is a tool for enabling automated Observability Driven Development (ODD),
shifting left the process of validating the correct telemetry signals are being generated by your
application.

You use the telemetry your application generates - logs, traces, metrics - to determine the health
and status of your application, trigger alerts and Service Level Objectives, and recover
from outages by quickly and easily troubleshooting the root cause. 

Telemetry has quickly become a first-class citizen in the world of enterprise applications, especially
with the popularity of distributed applications and microservices. Now, more than ever, it's critical
that your application produces the correct telemetry signals at the right time.

Given how important telemetry is to modern applications, why leave telemetry to chance? Manually 
confirming that your telemetry signals are being produced as expected is a brittle, error-prone
process (just like *manually* testing your code). OddDotNet provides the means to automate testing
around the telemetry signals being produced by your application, so that you can be sure you always
have the right information when it matters most.

Dive right in by checking out one of our [quick starts]({{ "/quick-starts/" | relative_url }}), or if you're already familiar
with the platform, head on over to the [documentation]({{ "/documentation/concepts/" | relative_url }}).